README.md, before:

[create-user]: https://rocket.chat/docs/bots/creating-bot-users/
[configure-bot]: https://rocket.chat/docs/bots/configure-bot-environment/

**bRocket**

bRocket is a bBot boilerplate for building Rocket.Chat bots.

You'll need a Rocket.Chat instance to test, then clone this repository, install
npm dependencies and review package and environment config details below.

See Rocket.Chat's docs on [Creating Bot Users][create-user] before you begin.

Start the bot with `npm run start`, `yarn start` or `node index.js`

## Configure

Create a local .env file. All bBot settings require the `BOT_` prefix on
environment variables. Try the following defaults...

```sh
ROCKETCHAT_USER="brocket"
ROCKETCHAT_PASSWORD="password"
RESPOND_TO_DM=true
RESPOND_TO_EDITED=true
BOT_LOG_LEVEL="debug"
BOT_SHELL_USER_NAME="user"
BOT_SHELL_ROOM="room"
```

Configs can be given from command line. Try `node index.js -h` for options.

Configs can be set in **package.json** under the `"bot"` attribute. You should
review all the package details and customise it to your own project details.

The name in the package can be used to address the bot, just as it's username.
It will also respond to it's alias (default is **brock**).

See Rocket.Chat's docs on [Configuring Bot Environments][configure-bot] for more.

## Development

You can run and interact with the bot directly in shell, for quick development.

Run `node index.js -m shell` to override Rocket.Chat as the message adapter.

Commit message:

✨ Examples galore, with updated readme

README.md, after:

[create-user]: https://rocket.chat/docs/bots/creating-bot-users/
[configure-bot]: https://rocket.chat/docs/bots/configure-bot-environment/

![bRocket | A bBot boilerplate for Rocket.Chat bots](https://github.com/Amazebot/bbot-rocketchat-boilerplate/raw/master/img/banner.png)

## Setup

## 1. 🍴  Fork or clone this repo
  - `git clone amazebot/bbot-rocketchat-boilerplate MY_BOT`
  - to clone without git history, add `--depth 1` flag
  - or once cloned, start a fresh history `rm -rf .git && git init`
## 2. 💻  Setup your project
  - `npm install` get dependencies
  - `npm run setup` add your details
## 3. ✨  Test in shell
  - `npm start -- -m shell`
## 4. 👨‍💻  Start coding
  - customise **index.js**
  - look at **examples.js**
## 5. 💬  Run in Rocket.Chat
  - create user with bot role
  - set login credentials in .env
  - `npm start` (`rocketchat` is default adapter)

___

You'll need a Rocket.Chat instance to test. See Rocket.Chat's docs on
[Creating Bot Users][create-user] before you begin.

Easy deployment options coming soon.

See [bbot.chat](http://bbot.chat) for get started guides.

## Configure

All **bBot** settings require the `BOT_` prefix on environment variables.

See Rocket.Chat's docs on [Configuring Bot Environments][configure-bot] for 
settings specific to the SDK.

Configs can be given from command line. Try `node index.js -h` for options.

They can also be set in **package.json** under the `"bot"` attribute. You should
review all the package details and customise it to your own project details.

## Development

You can run and interact with the bot directly in shell, for quick development.

Run `node index.js -m shell` to override Rocket.Chat as the message adapter.
